Brad Seftel R.M.T
Web Developer and Registered Massage Therapist with many years of experience. Excited about emerging areas in both health and technology. I enjoy building responsive, user-focused websites and applications. As I see it, a client's success is also my own.
	198 Gregory Cr.
Stratford, ON
(226) 751-5860
bseftel@gmail.com
	EXPERIENCE
Halsa Wellness, Website Development & Design
September 2021 - PRESENT
Designed and maintained business website using WordPress
 ● integrated online booking system, boosting client retention
 ● implemented SEO that increased visibility and local rankings
 ● ^ repeat booking, client retention and public awareness
 ● </> WordPress, SEO plugins, analytics


Registered Massage Therapist & Yoga Instructor
September 2007 - PRESENT
● built a personal health & wellness business with strong online presence
● created a youTube channel with exercises and yoga classes
● developed a structured curriculum to train & certify yoga teachers 
● Designed a two year course to train and certify Yoga Teachers
● </> HTML, CCS, JavaScript, Squarespace, Patreon, YouTube
.
eSolutions, Internet Application Developer
MONTH 2003 - 2007
 ● developed safety training software
 ● ^ Improved safety training participation by increasing accessibility 
 ● reduced workplace safety infractions via increased safety awareness
 ● </> HTML, CCS, ActionScript, C#, SQL


Freelance Web Developer
MONTH 2000 - PRESENT
● built a video game for Maple Leaf Foods, collaborated with a local  design team to deliver finished product
● collaborated with designers to write the code for street lights purchasing application for the city of Cambridge
● built a variety of websites for local small businesses
● ^ in all cases I prioritize client satisfaction and user engagement, resulting in order to increase
● </> HTML, CSS, Flash, JavaScript, Adobe Illustrator & Photoshop
.
EDUCATION
Keyin College, St Johns NFLD — Summer Internship
June 2025 -August 2025
Recently studied at Keyin College, focusing on the Digital Health Administration program. This program provides me with a comprehensive understanding of electronic health records, healthcare technology, data management, and administrative processes within the healthcare sector. Learned practical skills relevant to managing and utilizing digital tools to enhance healthcare efficiency and patient care.
CCMH, Cambridge, ON, — Diploma
September 2010 - June 2012
Completed in-depth coursework in anatomy, physiology, therapeutic techniques while developing a strong foundation in client care and wellness. Gained hands-on experience through clinical practice, emphasizing holistic health and evidence-based treatment approaches.
Conestoga College | FreecodeCamp | Front End Masters | Udemy | Zero to Mastery
September 2001 - Present
I have completed a variety of continuing education courses to stay current and expand my skills in software and web development. These courses include subjects such as nodeJS, TypScript, AI development and much more. This demonstrates my commitment to lifelong learning and adapting to evolving technologies.


St Jeromes, Kitchener, ON, — Diploma
	SKILLS & DEV TOOLS
* Word Press, Squarespace.
* Arch Linux and Windows.
* Nvim, VS Code, Cursor and Claude Code, Nodejs
* Git, Github and youTube Studio
CONTINUING EDUCATION
Practical Prompt Engineering
Building A.I Agents
Cursor and Claude Code: Professional A.I Setup
Intro To MCP
Machine Learning with JavaScript
CODE 
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypScript, C++, C